Update groups-assign-sensitivity-labels.md (#89273)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/enterprise-users/groups-assign-sensitivity-labels.md

    ```

    In the **Sign in to your account** page, enter your admin account and password to connect you to your service, and select **Sign in**.
1. Fetch the current group settings for the Azure AD organization and display the current group settings.

    ```powershell
    $grpUnifiedSetting = (Get-AzureADDirectorySetting | where -Property DisplayName -Value "Group.Unified" -EQ)
    $Setting = $grpUnifiedSetting
    $grpUnifiedSetting.Values
    ```

    > [!NOTE]

>     > If no group settings have been created for this Azure AD organization you will get empty screen. In this case, you must first create the settings. Follow the steps in [Azure Active Directory cmdlets for configuring group settings](../enterprise-users/groups-settings-cmdlets.md) to create group settings for this Azure AD organization.  
>     
>     > [!NOTE]
>     > If the sensitivity label has been enable previously, you will see **EnableMIPLabels** =  **True**. In this case, you do not need to do anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > If no group settings have been created for this Azure AD organization, you will get an empty screen. In this case, you must first create the settings. Follow the steps in [Azure Active Directory cmdlets for configuring group settings](../enterprise-users/groups-settings-cmdlets.md) to create group settings for this Azure AD organization.  
    
    > [!NOTE]
    > If the sensitivity label has been enabled previously, you will see **EnableMIPLabels** =  **True**. In this case, you do not need to do anything.
```
Minor grammar edits
